at the president's distinguished board members
ladies and gentlemen
the Security Council session is ready today for a major theme
for the current leakage of non-proliferation
nuclear disarmament
this the president
this meeting and about feathers because the potential risks of destruction of the
huge and multiform hundred planet
that's why I'm expressing you as well starts within the delegation
American
my gratitude for taking the initiative
of this debate
sir president international security require the stop had to
to be done and the removal of all nuclear arsenals
in this regard
lobo the full face rams call for strict compliance with the treaty of
nuclear non-proliferation
the devastating effects it is green target of tears
but stone should be made
an additional source of motivation for pursuing
Mister President
collective safety and a rain plus respect by break standards
international
values ​​of justice and equity
it also calls for deep reflection on the next question
how to dissuade the stalls from giving up the acquisition of weapons of
mass destruction
at the moment the nuclear program are developed
and tests done by other countries
in hand consider a civilian nuclear program
without creating distrust and suspicion
as for me a sin that nuclear materials do fall from a
modem was a tricky
and leaders
the detention and illicit trafficking of biological or biological weapons
chemical
by non-state entities to the terrorist group
was not a mischief a real threat
for all humanity
that is why it is important to cogitate eden pa so foot moselle fort
in order to ensure the effective implementation of the measures taken to combat
counting this scourge
obviously a high collective responsibility is engaged
and we fully drink the assumption with courage and perseverance
mobilization of all states two regional organizations and
sub-regional civil society
and opinion leaders
was a sand track
unjust application transparent and responsible
resolutions
will help reduce the big nose hears under
tensions and especially with sport and their confidence a purpose that help
martial
likewise
she is updating more rational human disaster and mechanism qos
constitute in particular the treaty of nantes
nuclear proliferation
the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty and the Beijing Conference of
disarmament
it will facilitate the securing of the planet
this the president
poitras attachment to building a world rid of the inhabitants
nuclear age
as well as the dynamics engaged by the united states of america and the
Russian Federation
represent successes of ongoing negotiations
on the reduction of the nuclear arsenals of the two countries
it's the president
the creation of the international organization of atomic energy
founded as needed to preserve the world from the use of the door space
and take advantage of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes
more than ever
we must also invest ourselves support the lucky energy experts
nuclear power to which all efforts for android
hate but only effective development
this desire which justified the boxing and in 1996 of the treaty of pelindaba
the institute to a zone free of nuclear weapons to mark
in a context of crisis eq
but puny
the chance of the 20 meters it sits for African rosettes
to access nuclear energy for civilian purposes
Mister President
the question of non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament is
the heart of the problem
dudemaine holds the pair and the international security
the security council has a special role to play
in accordance with the UN charter
he must assume it with
objectivity and efficiency
Mister President
knowing the strength of our convictions
personal commitment to multilateralism
pink opinion and your initiatives
brave on the problem of disarmament
I have two marc convinced the cojo would know this new and necessary leadership
for putting to the grass what conclusions of your work
I can assure you in this regard
of the plain